This homework assignment was to build a password generator for a user. 

I started by creating the variables for the charecters I want to allow the user to use. Once I created the var. for lowercase, uppercase, numbers 0-9, and speachal characters, I need to create two empty arrays for the password generator to start out cleared. Then, I needed to create a function for the passwordGenerator. I also need to add the two-empty arrays inside the passwordGenerator so that every time the function runs it clears so you can start over. I then created a var. for the characterNumber with a window prompt to ask the user the number of characters they want to use between 8-128. Then I needed to set the character langth in an if statment. Followed by an else statement that alerts the user the number of characters they requested were not a valid entery. Now it is time to set the CharacterSelection function. I set a var. with a boolean and window prompt to ask the user if they would lke to use the characters. Followed by an if statment for if the value is true. I repeat the process for all four charactor options. The last var in the characterSelection function is the final password var. I set it as blank so that I can set a for statment to tie characterNumber and finalPassword together. Also I am adding finalPassword and userChoice together by adding both math.floor and math.random to acctually render a random password based off the users selections. Then I console.log finalPassword and then return finalPassword and then fianlly return password to the user so that they get the randomly generated password they requested. 
